Add note about using modifiedSince with includeStatus set to true (#9259)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/conversation.md

!!! note

>     When `modifiedSince` is provided only conversations with a newer `lastActivity` are returned. If `includeStatus` is set to `true` this will also return all one-to-one conversations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When `modifiedSince` is provided only conversations with a newer `lastActivity` are returned. If `includeStatus` is set to `true` all one-to-one conversations will be returned to make sure the latest user status is returned.
```
